W-19395414 Update flex-gateway-renew-certificate.adoc (#920)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.10/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-gateway-renew-certificate.adoc

Replace `<path-to-registration-file>` with the path and filename of the existing `registration.yaml` file.
+
Use `sudo` if you encounter file permission issues when running this command.
+

> To update environment URLs in your registration file, such as the metering environment URL, use the `--update-urls=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update environment URLs in your registration file, such as the metering environment URL, use `--update-urls=true`.
```

> To update environment URLs in your registration file, such as metering, monitoring, tracing, use the `--update-urls=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update environment URLs in your registration file, such as the metering environment URL, use the `--update-urls=true`.
```

Reviewer: Consider rewriting to omit some commas for readability and add an object to the adjective
